you got to put it in the right drawer oh
you're mixing everything different
careful yeah you mess up you're
competing and but you still want some of
my lord what I make for you busy she's
music oh there's no space Dalek I don't
play with you see there's no space you
got to put it back yes hey this space
I'm good to put it back okay push it
back push it back
this is this is a lipstick yes Wow Peter
watch that's what the truth is I finish
it oh yes cow
why study now after 39 40 pull it up yup
you see you can see more colors do you
like the colors are you September later
okay which color do you want to play
okay then back to mama I go back to here
Justine yeah anybody's mom do this okay
let's know what is this it is your
recording I recording his way ha ha ha
hey I stopped what color is this that
blue yes careful lights going to spill
all over yet okay Fiona close it back
didn't try another one cover it okay
cover it call it how you plan it okay
and then put it back where do you find
it yes OOP capo is going to screw over
yeah